You have to promise that you'll hire me, okay?
I'll be a devoted guildmate.
This is an important business discussion.
Okay, bye. Hang up.
That was two.
For real, though.
How's going on with this traffic?
Hello?
Hunter Sung. It's Chairman Goh.
Is there a problem with the guild, sir?
No. I'm calling about a gate.
You said it's down this highway?
It's a B-rank, but it'll be a while before our hunters can get there.
But I can't go without the Association's permission.
Who do you think you're speaking to right now?
The big man in charge.
The Association needs to fix this.
Where are the hunters at?
What? The hunters are caught in all this traffic, too?
Then what's the plan?
Hey, did you just...
Rude.
Hey, I'm here to close the gate.
Right, Manager Wu just told me, but...
You're the only hunter...
Who's arrived so far, and it might be a minute before the other ones show up to help.
Let me solo it.
Sir, wait!
I know it's only B-rank, but it is still risky to go alone.
It's a red gate!
Yep.
This is a red gate.
I don't understand how this keeps happening to me.
The exit's closed till I beat the boss, and I have no clue how far this forest goes.
I should've called Mom to tell her I was gonna be late before coming in here.
Well, if this is all there is, it won't take long.
I'm sorry.
It was a mistake.
What...
You did this.
Not just coming here, you didn't bring the Ronin away like you wanted.
The laughing stock.
What?
Me?
I don't get why this wanted me, anyway.
Right, so all you did was get everything you needed, I guess.
Bye-bye, son.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Good night, Doctor.
Good night.
See you later.
efforts and thank you for your innopy.
Him. I want to catch up to him.
I want to stand at his side and to do that.
I need to get stronger.
Hunters are born to hunt.
And in dungeons where survival is far from guaranteed, they have to be prepared to become the prey.
See, the tides can change at any given moment.
They're always one wrong move away from death, but never willing to back down.
Doesn't matter how strong or how numerous the enemies.
Because they've all got something to fight for.
To protect their family.
To uphold their ideals.
To prove who they are.
To defy fate.
To fight.
Hunters will continue to hunt.
And not a single one is ready to stop.
Let's move on to the next target.
Can you remember to forget?
Little boy who lost a bet.
Now I'm breaking up the cues.
I got to pay the bills.
Don't be mean.
Be brave for what you get.
It's your way to hit reset.
Giving more than just a lick.
Of the who have got level.
Sailing, feeling.
All those things are dead.
There's no railing.
Sailing.
Let's get it.
You're giving yourself a shot.
You're giving yourself.
You're giving yourself the best shot.
What you gotta get.
So know what you're gonna get.
Swearing.
What you gotta give.
So know.
You're giving yourself a shot.
Go reach out and get ya.
Gotta go reach out and get ya.
Just go reach out and get ya.
Get up and reach out for it.
Go reach out and get ya.
Gotta go reach out and get ya.
Just go reach out and get ya.
Ready?
Get your attention, get it, get up, get on to it
Gave him over but they gave him all the shikos
Little kitty in the gutter with the bloody nose
Undercover but he doesn't even read those
The headlines, the headlines
Soul shock but he hasn't got an ankle
Look up, boy, and he came in from a zero
Everybody looking but your mind's on powder rolls
And rolls
Let's get it